This is a pretty basic addition to any student of Apostle Paul's Epistle to Romans (~57AD). I wrote it using Replit so that those people ho have no idea what Romans are about would have access to the main commentaries and conversations on the subject.<br><br>
In the burger menu you will find 5 commentators that I found useful for myself, especially Mathew Henry(West) and Chrysostom(East). Yes, AI added them, because they were free, but I sused them using other websites and they are good, for they show both Western Protestant and Eastern Orthodox views on the Romans.<br><br>
I included menu as it is shown now with history of Romans, different commentators, echoes of Scriptures, and resources for I thought that would be great to have those when I only started my studies of Romans. <br><br>
My journey into Romans started with Charles Hodge, yours can start with Schreiner, NT Wright or Chrysostom, but what matters most, that you start thinking on some of the deepest theological subjects of all times: justification before God, righteousness, place of Israel in the history of redemption.<br><br>
If you want more information on some of the theological terms used in Romans,  NT Wright's chart on 'dikaiosune theou' in his 'Pauline Perspectives' and discussions on OnScript theology podcasts would add that info.<br><br>
Anyhow, the reason for aggregating all that bulk of data was for you to see where the roots of the Gospel of Jesus Christ are coming from, how the theologians were arguing on the epistle's meaning and see how you can apply those clouds of theological witnesses in your private devotions and public proclamation of the Sufferring yet triumphant Lord of Lords and the King of Kings -- our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.<br><br>
